Write announcement and documentation for Account Console v3 (#26318)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/realms/themes.adoc

  Username password entry, OTP entry, new user registration, and other similar screens related to login.

Account theme::

>   The console used by the user to manage their account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The console used by the user to manage his or her account.
```
